Add news post for Project Loved: November 2020 (#4529)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2020-11-27-project-loved-november-2020.md

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2020-11-27-project-loved-november-2020/osu/2-miracle.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/{{TOPIC_ID}})

[Caravan Palace - Miracle](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/948225#osu) by [Mulciber](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8062785)\
200 BPM, 3:12 | 5.88★

Let's be honest, is there a single Caravan Palace song that isn't a bop? Topping that with a super clean and enjoyable mapping style from Mulciber gets you this amazing 6-star map that's reached nearly 300 favourites in total. At a comfortable 200 BPM, this is a super fun map to get lost in the music with while you jump around your cursor.

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2020-11-27-project-loved-november-2020/osu/3-someone-special.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/{{TOPIC_ID}})

[tomatoism - Someone Special](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1057848#osu) by [- Theya -](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10763029) et al.\
145 – 291 BPM, 3:33 | 4.85★ – 5.72★

> Songs like these are so mesmerising to listen to, and pairing them with fun maps makes it super easy to get lost in the music. Despite the six difficulties of this mapset being from six different mappers, they each used sliders and alternating patterns in super creative ways to represent the repetitive sounds of the music in a way that's engaging to play, so no matter which difficulty you're playing, you won't need to worry about the map quality, as they're all super enjoyable. Overall, this is an amazing mapset to get a mix of creative maps to play around the 5-star range while playing along to a super fun song, so check it out!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Songs like these are so mesmerising to listen to, and pairing them with fun maps makes it super easy to get lost in the music. Despite the five difficulties of this mapset being from five different mappers, they each used sliders and alternating patterns in super creative and engaging ways to represent the repetitive sounds of the music, so no matter which difficulty you're playing, you won't need to worry about the map quality, as they're all super enjoyable. Overall, this is an amazing mapset to get a mix of creative maps to play around the 5-star range while playing along to a super fun song, so check it out!
```

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2020-11-27-project-loved-november-2020/osu/4-tanuki-chi-no-bouken.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/{{TOPIC_ID}})

[MAKOOTO - Tanuki Chi no Bouken](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1235110#osu) by [0ugi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3812234) et al.\
132 – 264 BPM, 1:14 | 2.61★ – 8.99★

> This mapset is truly an expression of creativity. Being a cheerful and upbeat song associated with the VTuber Pekora, this mapset has garnered over 200 favourites of those who have come to experience this incredible song with even more incredible osu! maps. Each difficulty is super unique and the star ratings range drastically throughout the mapset. While it's hard to know exactly what you're getting into with each difficulty, you can take my word in saying that you won't be able to find a gameplay experience like this one in many other mapsets out there. Have fun!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This mapset is truly an expression of creativity. Being a cheerful and upbeat song associated with the VTuber Pekora, this mapset has garnered over 200 favourites from those who have come to experience this incredible song with even more incredible osu! maps. Each difficulty is super unique and the star ratings range drastically throughout the mapset. While it's hard to know exactly what you're getting into with each difficulty, you can take my word in saying that you won't be able to find a gameplay experience like this one in many other mapsets out there. Have fun!
```

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2020-11-27-project-loved-november-2020/catch/4-chocolate.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/{{TOPIC_ID}})

[otetsu feat. GUMI - Chocolate](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/36371#fruits) by [Kuzino](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/158552)\
180 BPM, 2:02 | 5.28★\
*description written by [Tenshichan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1101600)*

Kuzino is certainly a name that comes to mind when you think about old mappers that made lots of good quality maps. The ones that have been Loved already show that the community definitely enjoys their mapping style and *Chocolate* is no exception to the rule. This is a map that does not require speed like most of today's maps, but rather tests your timing and catcher control. Due to the hyperdash change back in 2012, some of the jumps became more tricky than necessary because of the timing needed to catch them, but it is still very much possible to get a full combo. Both older and newer players can fully enjoy and experience this map, so make sure to give it a shot!

## <a id="mania"></a>osu!mania

> osu!mania Loved candidates were chosen by [-mint-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8976576), [Abraxos](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5025064), [lenpai](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5314573), [Pope Gadget](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2288341) and [Toaph Daddy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7616811)!

Reviewer: this section doesnt list who wrote the comments. intentional?

Author: yes because the mania captains don't specify who picks or writes descriptions

---

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2020-11-27-project-loved-november-2020/mania/1-shindeiru.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/{{TOPIC_ID}})

[Virtual Riot - Shindeiru](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/866120#mania) by [Gekido-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4693052)\
150 BPM, 2:34 | \[4K\] 4.67★

> Omae wa mo shindeiru. An iconic phrase that has beget many memes, jokes, and in this case, songs and charts. One such song is Virtual Riot's *Shindeiru*, charted by lemonguy (formerly Gekido-). lemonguy is no stranger to the Loved section, having been nominated for many popular and impressive tech and LN charts alike, such as [Chik Habit](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/732982) and [The Clockwork Rose](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/740979). This pattern continues with *Shindeiru*, an extremely technical and bursty file that will catch you off-guard if you aren't fully ready for the speed and difficulty of the patterns throughout. Outside of the bursts there are also some extended jack patterns that can be difficult to transition in and out of, especially with the one-handed trills that go along with them. It is a difficult and satisfying chart, but if you aren't up to the challenge, you may already be dead.

Reviewer: "charted by lemonguy (formerly Gekido-)" but the line above says mapped by Gekido-

Author: Resolving by changing the description to say Gekido- instead of lemonguy

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2020-11-27-project-loved-november-2020/mania/3-super-eurobeat-for-running-selections-vol-2.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/{{TOPIC_ID}})

> [Various Artists - SUPER EUROBEAT FOR RUNNING SELECTIONS VOL. 2](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/587484#mania) by [Jole](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2883132)\

Reviewer 2: looks like this should have the 0 star template thing excluded

Author: fixed
